addons/google-cloud-platform-service-broker-0.1.0/docs/broker/overview.md, before:

---
title: Overview
type: Overview
---

>**NOTE:** To provision this class, first you must create a Secret. Read the following document to learn how.

The Google Cloud Platform Service Broker class exposes services from the [Google Cloud Platform Service Broker](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/google-cloud-platform-service-broker)
in a given Namespace of the Kyma cluster.

The embedded MySQL database is used to keep the broker's state. Uninstalling the broker will delete all information about created instances but created services will still exist.

## Create a Secret

To add the Google Cloud Platform Service Broker to your Namespace, prepare a service account and a JSON access key. 

Follow these steps to create a Kubernetes Secret which contains a JSON access key:

1. Open `https://console.cloud.google.com/` and select your project.

2. On the left pane, go to **IAM & admin** and select **Service accounts**.

3. Click **Create service account**, name your account, and click **Create**.

4. Set the `Project Owner` role.

5. Click **Create key** and choose `JSON` as a key type.

6. Save the `JSON` file.

7. Create a Secret from the JSON file by running this command:

        kubectl create secret generic gcp-broker-data --from-file=sa-key={filename} --from-literal=project-name={gcp-project} --namespace {namespace}

8. Click **Done**.

>**NOTE:** You can provision only one instance of the Google Cloud Platform Service Broker in each Namespace.

Commit message:

GCP Service Broker with external mysql (#116)
* Extend GCP broker with external database plan

addons/google-cloud-platform-service-broker-0.1.0/docs/broker/overview.md, after:

---
title: Overview
type: Overview
---

>**NOTE:** To provision this class, first you must create a Secret. Read the following document to learn how.

The Google Cloud Platform Service Broker class exposes services from the [Google Cloud Platform Service Broker](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/google-cloud-platform-service-broker)
in a given Namespace of the Kyma cluster.

The MySQL database is used to keep the broker's state. You can configure an external database. Uninstalling the broker deletes all information about created instances. It does not delete the services you created.

## Create a Secret

To add the Google Cloud Platform Service Broker to your Namespace, prepare a service account and a JSON access key. 

Follow these steps to create a Kubernetes Secret which contains a JSON access key:

1. Open `https://console.cloud.google.com/` and select your project.

2. On the left pane, go to **IAM & admin** and select **Service accounts**.

3. Click **Create service account**, name your account, and click **Create**.

4. Set the `Project Owner` role.

5. Click **Create key** and choose `JSON` as a key type.

6. Save the `JSON` file.

7. Create a Secret from the JSON file by running this command:

        kubectl create secret generic gcp-broker-data --from-file=sa-key={filename} --from-literal=project-name={gcp-project} --namespace {namespace}

8. Click **Done**.

>**NOTE:** You can provision only one instance of the Google Cloud Platform Service Broker in each Namespace.
