bundles/gcp-service-broker-0.0.2/docs/broker/plans-details.md, before:

---
title: Details
type: Details
---

## Service description

The `GCP Service Broker` service provides the following plan names and descriptions:

| Plan Name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `Default` | Installs the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Service Broker in a default configuration. |

## Provisioning

The service account key is used to 
generate service account keys used by brokers installed in different Namespaces.
The generated service account key has a **roles/servicebroker.operator** role and is 
used during provisioning, deprovisioning, binding, and unbinding actions.

![](assets/gcp-broker-key-management.svg)

Provisioning and deprovisioning processes use the [GCP Broker Provider](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tools/gcp-broker-provider) tool.

The provisioning process flow looks as follows:
1. The user triggers the provisioning action.
2. The provisioning script checks if Secret exists in a given Namespace and downloads it.
3. The script configures gcloud CLI basing on values from the Secret.
4. The script uses the [sc](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/k8s-service-catalog) CLI to add the GCP Broker to the Kyma cluster.
5. The `sc` CLI creates a service account and access key on the Google Cloud Platform.
6. After the provisioning process, the post-install job is triggered.


![GCP Broker Provisioning](assets/gcp-broker-provisioning.svg)


In the Service Catalog view, click **Google Cloud Platform Service Broker Provider**.
Provisioning of this class adds GCP Service Broker classes to the Service Catalog in a given Namespace.

## Binding

Binding to this Service Class is disabled.

## Deprovisioning

The deprovisioning process flow looks as follows:
1. The user triggers the deprovisioning action.
2. The provisioning script checks if Secret exists in a given Namespace and downloads it. 
   If Secret does not exist, the `sc` CLI is executed with the **--skip-gcp-integration** parameter (step 6). 
3. The script configures gcloud CLI basing on values from the Secret.
4. The script uses [sc](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/k8s-service-catalog) CLI to remove the GCP Broker from the Kyma cluster.
5. `sc` CLI removes access keys from the Google Cloud Platform.

![GCP Broker Deprovisioning](assets/gcp-broker-deprovisioning.svg)

Commit message:

Add secretName parameter to GCP and Azure broker

bundles/gcp-service-broker-0.0.2/docs/broker/plans-details.md, after:

---
title: Details
type: Details
---

## Service description

The `GCP Service Broker` service provides the following plan names and descriptions:

| Plan Name | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `Default` | Installs the Google Cloud Platform (GCP) Service Broker in a default configuration. |

### Provisioning parameters

These are the provisioning parameters for the given plans:

#### Default plan

| Parameter Name | Display Name | Type | Description | Required | Default Value |
|----------------|---------|-----|-------------|:----------:|---------------|
| **secretName** | `GCP Secret name` | `string` | Defines the name of the Secret from which the Service Broker will try to fetch credentials. | YES |  |

## Provisioning

The service account key is used to 
generate service account keys used by brokers installed in different Namespaces.
The generated service account key has a **roles/servicebroker.operator** role and is 
used during provisioning, deprovisioning, binding, and unbinding actions.

![](assets/gcp-broker-key-management.svg)

Provisioning and deprovisioning processes use the [GCP Broker Provider](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/tree/master/tools/gcp-broker-provider) tool.

The provisioning process flow looks as follows:
1. The user triggers the provisioning action.
2. The provisioning script checks if Secret exists in a given Namespace and downloads it.
3. The script configures gcloud CLI basing on values from the Secret.
4. The script uses the [sc](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/k8s-service-catalog) CLI to add the GCP Broker to the Kyma cluster.
5. The `sc` CLI creates a service account and access key on the Google Cloud Platform.
6. After the provisioning process, the post-install job is triggered.


![GCP Broker Provisioning](assets/gcp-broker-provisioning.svg)


In the Service Catalog view, click **Google Cloud Platform Service Broker Provider**.
Provisioning of this class adds GCP Service Broker classes to the Service Catalog in a given Namespace.

## Binding

Binding to this Service Class is disabled.

## Deprovisioning

The deprovisioning process flow looks as follows:
1. The user triggers the deprovisioning action.
2. The provisioning script checks if Secret exists in a given Namespace and downloads it. 
   If Secret does not exist, the `sc` CLI is executed with the **--skip-gcp-integration** parameter (step 6). 
3. The script configures gcloud CLI basing on values from the Secret.
4. The script uses [sc](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/k8s-service-catalog) CLI to remove the GCP Broker from the Kyma cluster.
5. `sc` CLI removes access keys from the Google Cloud Platform.

![GCP Broker Deprovisioning](assets/gcp-broker-deprovisioning.svg)
