bundles/aws-service-broker-0.0.1/docs/overview.md, before:

---
title: Overview
type: Overview
---

>**NOTE:** To provision this class, first you must create a Secret. Read the following document to learn how.

The [AWS Service Broker](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/blob/v1.0.0/docs) class exposes the [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/) from a given S3 bucket in a given Namespace of the Kyma cluster. You can provision only one instance of the AWS Service Broker in each Namespace.

The DynamoDB is used to keep the broker's state so it must exist in the broker's region.

## Create a Secret

### Prerequisites

[Install](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) and [configure](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html) the AWS CLI.

### Steps

To install the AWS Service Broker, you must set up the IAM User and DynamoDB table on AWS. This can be done easily using a CloudFormation template. 

Follow these steps to create a proper Kubernetes Secret with all necessary data to provision the AWS Service Broker:

>**NOTE:** If you already created the IAM User and DynamoDB table on AWS, you can reuse credentials for them and go straight to step 8.

1. Export the `REGION` variable:
```bash
export REGION=us-east-1 # The default region which works with default provisioning parameters
```
Set the `REGION` variable to the AWS region where you want to provision your services.

2. Download the template:
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/v1.0.0/setup/prerequisites.yaml
```
You may need to align the `prerequisites.yaml` file if you use the `customizable` plan and change the bucket or DynamoDB parameters.

3. Get the AWS stack:

>**NOTE:** If you created the stack before in the same `REGION`, you can use its ID to create a Secret. In such a case, go straight to step 5. Find your stack ID in the [AWS Management Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com) under the **Services** tab in the **CloudFormation** section.

```bash
export STACK_ID=$(aws cloudformation create-stack \
     --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM \
     --template-body file://prerequisites.yaml \
     --stack-name  aws-service-broker-prerequisites \
     --output text --query "StackId" \
     --region $REGION)
```

4. Check if the stack is completed:
```bash
aws cloudformation describe-stacks \
    --region $REGION \
    --stack-name $STACK_ID \
    --query "Stacks[0].StackStatus" \
    --output text; \
    echo $ST;
```
If the stack is completed, the output should equal `CREATE_COMPLETE`.

5. Export `USERNAME` from the stack outputs:
```bash
export USERNAME=$(aws cloudformation describe-stacks \
     --region $REGION \
     --stack-name $STACK_ID \
     --query "Stacks[0].Outputs[0].OutputValue" \
     --output text)
```

6. Create the IAM user credentials and export them as the environment variables:
```bash
eval $(aws iam create-access-key \
    --user-name $USERNAME \
    --output json \
    --query 'AccessKey.{KEY_ID:AccessKeyId,SECRET_ACCESS_KEY:SecretAccessKey}' | jq -r 'keys[] as $k | "export \($k)=\(.[$k])"')
```

7. Export the following variables:
```bash
export SECRET_NAME=aws-broker-data # The Secret name example, must be the same as the secretName provisioning parameter
export SECRET_NAMESPACE= # The Namespace where you want to deploy AWS Service Broker
```

8. Use the **KEY_ID** and **SECRET_ACCESS_KEY** environment variables to create a Secret in the broker's Namespace:
```
kubectl create secret generic $SECRET_NAME -n $SECRET_NAMESPACE --from-literal=accesskeyid=$KEY_ID --from-literal=secretkey=$SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
```

For more information about the AWS Service Broker prerequisites, read [this](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/blob/v1.0.0/docs/install_prereqs.md) document.

Commit message:

Improve AWS Service Broker overview (#99)

bundles/aws-service-broker-0.0.1/docs/overview.md, after:

---
title: Overview
type: Overview
---

>**NOTE:** To provision this class, first you must create a Secret. Read the following document to learn how.

The [AWS Service Broker](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/blob/v1.0.0/docs) class exposes the [Amazon Web Services](https://aws.amazon.com/) from a given S3 bucket in a given Namespace of the Kyma cluster. You can provision only one instance of the AWS Service Broker in each Namespace.

The DynamoDB is used to keep the broker's state so it must exist in the broker's region.
>**CAUTION:** The region you choose during the installation must match the Broker's region in the provisioning process. If the regions are different, the AWS Service Broker will be installed successfully but its services will not be visible. 

## Create a Secret

### Prerequisites

[Install](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-install.html) and [configure](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-chap-configure.html) the AWS CLI.

### Steps

To install the AWS Service Broker, you must set up the IAM User and DynamoDB table on AWS. This can be done easily using a CloudFormation template. 

Follow these steps to create a proper Kubernetes Secret with all necessary data to provision the AWS Service Broker:

>**NOTE:** If you already created the IAM User and DynamoDB table on AWS, you can reuse credentials for them and go straight to step 8.

1. Export the `REGION` variable:
```bash
export REGION=us-east-1 # The default region which works with default provisioning parameters
```
Set the `REGION` variable to the AWS region where you want to provision your services.

2. Download the template:
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/v1.0.0/setup/prerequisites.yaml
```
You may need to align the `prerequisites.yaml` file if you use the `customizable` plan and change the bucket or DynamoDB parameters.

3. Get the AWS stack:

>**NOTE:** If you created the stack before in the same `REGION`, you can use its ID to create a Secret. In such a case, go straight to step 5. Find your stack ID in the [AWS Management Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com) under the **Services** tab in the **CloudFormation** section.

```bash
export STACK_ID=$(aws cloudformation create-stack \
     --capabilities CAPABILITY_IAM \
     --template-body file://prerequisites.yaml \
     --stack-name  aws-service-broker-prerequisites \
     --output text --query "StackId" \
     --region $REGION)
```

4. Check if the stack is completed:
```bash
aws cloudformation describe-stacks \
    --region $REGION \
    --stack-name $STACK_ID \
    --query "Stacks[0].StackStatus" \
    --output text; \
    echo $ST;
```
If the stack is completed, the output should equal `CREATE_COMPLETE`.

5. Export `USERNAME` from the stack outputs:
```bash
export USERNAME=$(aws cloudformation describe-stacks \
     --region $REGION \
     --stack-name $STACK_ID \
     --query "Stacks[0].Outputs[0].OutputValue" \
     --output text)
```

6. Create the IAM user credentials and export them as the environment variables:
```bash
eval $(aws iam create-access-key \
    --user-name $USERNAME \
    --output json \
    --query 'AccessKey.{KEY_ID:AccessKeyId,SECRET_ACCESS_KEY:SecretAccessKey}' | jq -r 'keys[] as $k | "export \($k)=\(.[$k])"')
```

7. Export the following variables:
```bash
export SECRET_NAME=aws-broker-data # The Secret name example, must be the same as the secretName provisioning parameter
export SECRET_NAMESPACE= # The Namespace where you want to deploy AWS Service Broker
```

8. Use the **KEY_ID** and **SECRET_ACCESS_KEY** environment variables to create a Secret in the broker's Namespace:
```
kubectl create secret generic $SECRET_NAME -n $SECRET_NAMESPACE --from-literal=accesskeyid=$KEY_ID --from-literal=secretkey=$SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
```

For more information about the AWS Service Broker prerequisites, read [this](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-servicebroker/blob/v1.0.0/docs/install_prereqs.md) document.
